CHAPTER II
The Princess went first, and Kathleen carried her shining train; then came Jimmy, and Gerald came last. They were all quite sure that they had walked right into the middle of a fairy tale, and they were very ready to play the parts of the three heroes.

"But," said Gerald, "I don't see how we can play the parts if we don't know what the story is."

"We shall find out as we go along," said the Princess. "That's the best of this game. You never know what's going to happen next."

They went through the great hall and up the broad staircase. The Princess led the way to a room that was quite different from the others. It was not dusty or neglected. There were fresh flowers in the vases, and a fire burned on the hearth, for though it was summer the room was cool.

"This is my bower," said the Princess. "Here we can talk."

She sat down on a low chair, and the others sat on the floor.

"Now," she said, "I'll tell you the story. I am the Princess of this castle. I am kept here by a wicked enchanter. He is invisible to every one but me. He comes every day to see that I am safe."

"What does he do?" asked Jimmy.

"He just looks at me," said the Princess, "and then he goes away. But I know he is there. Sometimes I feel his cold breath on my cheek."

"How horrid!" said Kathleen.

"Yes," said the Princess. "But I have a friend who is a good fairy. She gave me this ring. She said that if I ever found three children who were brave and true, I was to give them the ring, and they would save me."

"We are brave and true," said Gerald. "At least, I hope so."

"Then," said the Princess, "you must take the ring and wear it. But you must be careful. It is a magic ring, and it has great power. If you use it wrongly, it may bring you bad luck."

"We'll be careful," said Gerald. "But what does it do?"

"It grants wishes," said the Princess. "But only one wish to each person. And you must wish for something unselfish."

"That's easy," said Kathleen. "I wish you were free from the enchanter."

The Princess smiled. "That is a good wish," she said. "But you must wait until the right time. The enchanter is very powerful. We must catch him when he is off his guard."

"When will that be?" asked Jimmy.

"I don't know," said the Princess. "But we must watch and wait."

They talked for a long time, planning how they would defeat the enchanter. The Princess told them many things about the castle—about the secret passages, and the hidden treasures, and the ghosts that walked at night.

"Ghosts!" said Jimmy. "I don't believe in ghosts."

"You will when you see them," said the Princess. "They are very real here."

Suddenly a bell rang somewhere in the castle.

"That is the dinner bell," said the Princess. "You must go now. If the enchanter finds you here, he will be very angry."

"But we haven't saved you yet," said Gerald.

"You will," said the Princess. "Come back to-morrow. I will be waiting for you."

She led them down a secret staircase that ended in the garden.

"Good-bye," she said. "Remember the ring."

"We will," said the others.

They walked back through the wood in silence. They were all thinking about the Princess and the magic ring.

"It's a splendid game," said Kathleen. "I almost believe it's true."

"Of course it's true," said Gerald. "Look at the ring."

He held up his hand. The ring was still there, shining in the sunlight.

"I wonder what we shall wish for," said Jimmy.

"We must wait," said Gerald. "The Princess said so."

When they got back to the school, Mademoiselle was looking for them.

"Where have you been?" she asked. "You are late for tea."

"We've been in the garden," said Gerald. "We fell asleep."

"You must not sleep in the garden," said Mademoiselle. "It is damp. You will catch cold."

"We are quite well," said Kathleen. "And we are very hungry."

They had a good tea, and then they went up to the dormitory to talk about their adventure.

"I think the Princess is Mabel," said Kathleen. "You know, the girl who lives at the lodge."

"She didn't look like Mabel," said Jimmy. "She looked like a real princess."

"That's the magic," said Gerald. "It makes everything look different."

"I wonder if the ring really works," said Jimmy. "I've a good mind to try it."

"No, don't," said Gerald. "You might spoil everything. We must do exactly what the Princess said."

So they decided to wait until the next day. But they were very excited, and it was a long time before they could go to sleep.

And that is the end of the second chapter.
